Note added to AWS Observability docs (#4825)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/before-you-deploy.md

This page describes prerequisites and guidelines for deploying Sumo Logic’s AWS Observability Solution. 

:::info

> If you are already collecting AWS metrics, logs, and/or events, we recommend that you override the default settings. By overriding the configuration sources, we prevent them from being recreated in the AWS infrastructure or Sumo Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are already collecting AWS metrics, logs, and/or events, we recommend that you override the default settings. By overriding the configuration sources, we prevent them from being re-created in the AWS infrastructure or Sumo Logic.
```

Reviewer: @JV0812, make this same change in the other notes, or consider creating a reuse file.
